hey guys Riccio snake and I'm the man in
this relationship I am here ah oh ah the
day before I gained five pounds and now
I'm trying to lose it with super
youtuber Chris Thompson as a Chicago
native he finally revealed the mystery
as to why this is a tourist attraction
someone had ID like hey we need more
tourism let's put a reflective beam in
the middle of Chicago I had an alternate
theory we have to say hello to mean this
is the whole thing so underneath there's
is the bunch of people
looks good it is breezy outside I am
literally shivering my tushy off which
actually helps you lose weight we are
really at the park for a very manly
sport figure skating because there is no
quicker way to lose weight than to lose
a limb just kidding maybe not I feel
like you're growing up so I'm gonna run
challenge accepted this quickly became a
battle to stay upright I don't even I
won't be able to do anything figure
skating in a public rank is like a crazy
awesome game of bumper cars the whole
point is to crash and fall and get
dragged by your mom this one makes it
fun then there are the show-offs the
Russian judge gives it a 8.5 it's time
to let the veteran show the girls what
is up
this is a professional folks this is
what a professional you talked so much
smack about how good you are
you
you almost bit it it's the topic it's
the edges on the speech it's not you
this is what it's about folks watching
people Saban ice okay but come on Chris
was doing a lot of trash talking to so
let's see what he's got no lesson how
many times have I phone the day serum is
how many times have you professional
follow Chris might have won the battle
but the war is not over because next we
are going to Willis Tower 103 floors up
to stand on a tiny piece of glass but
that is all coming up in part two to
make sure to subscribe to see more of
this and make sure subscribe to see more
Chris